[FW][IMP] localization: Add Chorus pro via Peppol information (#13199)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/france.rst

#. :ref:`Register <e-invoicing/peppol-registration>` with Peppol, as invoices are sent from Odoo to
   Chorus Pro via the :ref:`Peppol <e-invoicing/peppol>` network.
#. If you don’t already have a Chorus Pro account, go to the `Chorus Pro
   <https://portail.chorus-pro.gouv.fr/aife_csm>`_ page, click :guilabel:`Créer un compte`, and
   create one.
#. :ref:`Configure the relevant customers' contact form
   <localizations/france/e-invoicing-contacts>`.

.. seealso::
   `Chorus Pro documentation <https://portail.chorus-pro.gouv.fr/aife_documentation>`_

.. _localizations/france/e-invoicing-contacts:

Customers
*********

To submit invoices to Chorus Pro, configure the relevant customers' contact form as follows:

#. Ensure the :guilabel:`Country` field is completed, then select :guilabel:`VAT` as the
   :guilabel:`Identification Number` and enter the corresponding number.
#. In the :guilabel:`Sales & Purchase` tab, ensure the :guilabel:`SIRET` field is completed.
#. In the :guilabel:`Accounting` tab, fill in the following fields in the :guilabel:`Customer
   Invoices` section:

   - :guilabel:`eInvoice format`: Select :guilabel:`BIS Billing 3.0`.

>    - Select :guilabel:`France SIRET`, then type `11000201100044`, the reference used by Chorus Pro.

Reviewer: France SIRET seems to be the default option so I would maybe rephrase this?
```suggestion
   - Make sure :guilabel:`France SIRET` is selected in the next field, then type `11000201100044`, the reference used by Chorus Pro.
```

.. _localizations/france/e-invoicing-invoices:

Sending invoices to Chorus Pro
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To send invoices to Chorus Pro, follow these steps:

#. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Customers --> Invoices` and open or create the invoice.
#. Make sure the following fields are filled in the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab:

   - :guilabel:`Buyer Reference`: :guilabel:`Service Exécutant` in Chorus Pro
   - :guilabel:`Contract Reference`: :guilabel:`Numéro de Marché` in Chorus Pro
   - :guilabel:`Purchase Order Reference`: :guilabel:`Engagement Juridique` in Chorus Pro

#. Confirm the invoice.

> #. Click :guilabel:`Send` and, in the :guilabel:`Print & Send` window, enable :guilabel:`By Peppol`.

Reviewer: I accidentally tested this on 18.1 and it seems the window's label is again *Send* from 18.1? :see_no_evil: just FYI.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for the info 🤗
